#44 - add Color Assignments to CONTRIBUTING.md (#45)
dermatz/ddev-woodoo-buildtools-magento: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED 1.9.0

-   added documentation for color assignments in `CONTRIBUTING.md` to standardize the use of color variables in bash scripts

> -   added provided detailed color definitions and a usage example in the new "Color Assignments" section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   added detailed color definitions and a usage example in the new "Color Assignments" section
```

---

## Latest Release

### 1.8.0

-   added alias annotations for 'ddev f' and 'ddev fe' commands in `commands/web/frontend` (_requires DDEV >= 1.23.4_) [@Morgy93]

> -   added housekeeping task to `install.yaml` to `pre_install_actions` and remove old checks file if exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   added housekeeping task to `install.yaml` and `pre_install_actions` and removed old check if file exists
```
